Update API dev docs (#5125)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/api/qiskit/dev/capi.mdx

  [str](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str)
</Function>

## Native bindings to the C API

> Additionally, this module contains [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) bindings to all Qiskit C API types and functions. These are avaialble as module attributes on [`qiskit.capi`](#module-qiskit.capi "qiskit.capi") with the same name as they have in the C API. For example, `qiskit.capi.qk_circuit_new` corresponds to [`qk_circuit_new()`](cdoc/qk-circuit#c.qk_circuit_new "qk_circuit_new").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this module contains [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) bindings to all Qiskit C API types and functions. These are available as module attributes on [`qiskit.capi`](#module-qiskit.capi "qiskit.capi") with the same name as they have in the C API. For example, `qiskit.capi.qk_circuit_new` corresponds to [`qk_circuit_new()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/qk-circuit#c.qk_circuit_new "qk_circuit_new").
```

> Additionally, this module contains [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) bindings to all Qiskit C API types and functions. These are available as module attributes on [`qiskit.capi`](#module-qiskit.capi "qiskit.capi") with the same name as they have in the C API. For example, `qiskit.capi.qk_circuit_new` corresponds to [`qk_circuit_new()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/qk-circuit#c.qk_circuit_new "qk_circuit_new").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this module contains [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) bindings to all Qiskit C API types and functions. These are available as module attributes on [`qiskit.capi`](#module-qiskit.capi "qiskit.capi") with the same name as they have in the C API. For example, `qiskit.capi.qk_circuit_new` corresponds to [`qk_circuit_new()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/qk-circuit#qk_circuit_new "qk_circuit_new").
```

### Enums

In places where the C API has an enumeration, this module declares a Python [`enum.Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html#enum.Enum) whose values are a corresponding [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) primitive integer type. The Python-space [`Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html#enum.Enum) type object is still a wrapping Python object, so [`ctypes`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes) functions that return an enumeration will return the raw numeric value, not the value in the [`Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html#enum.Enum). The Python-space [`Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html#enum.Enum) objects are declared for convenience in constructing calls.

### Functions

All the public library functions in the Qiskit C API are fully typed, and re-exported in the module root with the same name as they have in C. You can also access the functions from [`LIB`](#qiskit.capi.LIB "qiskit.capi.LIB"), if you prefer.

> Note that header-only functions, such as [`qk_import()`](cdoc/config#c.qk_import "qk_import"), are not exported because they are not part of the C API library object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that header-only functions, such as [`qk_import()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/config#c.qk_import "qk_import"), are not exported because they are not part of the C API library object.
```

> Note that header-only functions, such as [`qk_import()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/config#c.qk_import "qk_import"), are not exported because they are not part of the C API library object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that header-only functions, such as [`qk_import()`](/docs/api/qiskit-c/dev/config#qk_import "qk_import"), are not exported because they are not part of the C API library object.
```
